Distribution (M) Zero or DMZ is a framework which can embody existing opensource and proprietary technologies (or new products).

The DMZ framework is little more than a legal (license) which allows individuals to maintain ownership of resources (described below) which 
rightfully belong to them.

Specifically, DMZ allows individuals and organizations to package, license and commoditize their compute, memory,
bandwidth, metadata, behavioral data, carbon offsets, power (in watts), variable caital (labor) and land capital (intellectual and physical property).

By simply packaging their technology under this project the GNU license framework enables the user to allow or deny the sale of meta and behavioral data 
(and other resources which belong to the user) to  vendors of the user's choice.

As an example, another open source project called Coding(d) can be added to this project. Coding(d) can be found here: https://github.com/atlas-opensource/atlas-codingd.
A user can then use Coding(d) to generate their own analytic schema's whch can be applied to social media from Twitter. 

For example if a user is analyzing a Tweet from the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights they could create the following schema consisting of five categoires:

1. Media
    A. No media
    B. Video(s)
    C. Image(s)
    D. Audio(s)
2. Language
    A. French
    B. Arabic
    C. Japaneese
    D. English
3. Topic
    A. Upcoming Public Event
    B. Past Public Event
    C. Human Rights Incident
    D. Human Rights Legislation
4. Audience
    A. General Public
    B. American Public
    C. Canadian Government
    D. French Public
5. Speaker
    A. High Commissioner
    B. Staff
    C. Other Public Figure
    D. A Random Cat

Another example might include an analysis of a Tweet by a random individual with a video of a young lady:

1. Gender
    A. Male
    B. Female
    C. Non-Binary
    D. Other
2. Hair Color
    A. Red
    B. Brown
    C. Blonde
    D. Green
3. Activity
    A. Walking
    B. Running
    C. Sitting Down
    D. Standing Still
4. Emotion from Facial Expression
    A. Distraught
    B. Happy
    C. Sad
    D. Morose
5. Probable Next Behavior
    A. Running
    B. Resting
    C. Standing Up
    D. Starting moving

Coding(d) can also be used to code nearly any other information set (with a little bit of easy coding) and further used to train machine learning algorithms to speed up the
process of analyzing information. This further allows users to quickly generate their own analytic products for sale to advertisers, 
content creators and other interested people. 

Keep in mind that Coding(d) is just one example of a software package which can be housed under the DMZ framework, to which the GNU License is applied.
The DMZ project is however primarily concerned with software and other technologies which are capable of allowing individuals and
organizations to commoditize their compute, memory, bandwidth, metadata, behavioral data, carbon offsets, power (in watts), variable caital (labor) 
and land capital (intellectual and physical property).

Other examples of technology that the DMZ project is interested in include: in home entertainment technologies which acknowledge the home-owner's 
intellectual property rights, privacy rights and their participation in the free market. These emerging technologies and others capable of using the 
electromagnetic spectrum (purchased by the home-owner / renter from the local power company) in the generation of behavioral data (as a
variable capital output) are a promising means through which individuals can protect their privacy and protect their data.

The simple ability to opt out collection of your personal information is a fundamental human right. The hop skip and jump to choosing who and how 
your data is distributed is another. 

When I was growing up, these ideas were common place among technology users: from BBS systems to Eggdrop Bots to swap meets your computer and your data
were your own. 
